add dcgmExporter.enabled to customization options (#226)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/getting-started.rst

     - Map of custom labels to add to all GPU Operator managed pods.
     - ``{}``
  
   * - ``dcgmExporter.enabled``

>      - By default, the Operator gathers GPU telemetry in Kubernetes for `DCGM Exporter <https://developer.nvidia.com/dcgm>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - By default, the Operator gathers GPU telemetry in Kubernetes via `DCGM Exporter <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-telemetry/latest/dcgm-exporter.html>`_. 
```
